docs(design-guidelines): Adds guidance for actions in toolbars. (#4026)
patternfly/patternfly-org: packages/documentation-site/patternfly-docs/content/design-guidelines/components/table/table.md

<img src="./img/table-elements.png"  alt="example of table and the elements"  width="1189"/>

1. **[Toolbar](/components/toolbar/design-guidelines):** Sits above the table and contains controls for manipulating table data. Common actions include filtering, sorting, and pagination. 
2. **[Bulk selection](/patterns/bulk-selection):** When present, selects all items in a table. If pagination is being used, this will only select items on the current page. See [bulk selection](/patterns/bulk-selection) for more information.

> 3. **Global actions:** Actions that apply to all selected items. Also includes actions that directly impact the table, regardless of selection, such as "Create", "Edit row item", "Delete row item", and "Export table", for example. For more guidance, see [the actions pattern](/patterns/actions).

Author: ```suggestion
3. **Global actions:** Actions that apply to all selected items. Also includes actions that directly impact the table, regardless of selection, such as "Create", "Edit row item", "Delete row item", and "Export table", for example. For more guidance, [see the actions pattern](/patterns/actions).
```

4. **Expansion:** Expand all the rows in the table.

> 5. **Column headers:** Should align with the content they contain. If the user is able to sort on a column, the first click on the header will sort the content of the table on the content in that column. Subsequent clicks will toggle the direction of the sort. Table data can only be sorted on 1 column at a time. See [sorting by columns](#sorting-by-columns) for more information on the sort component.

Author: ```suggestion
5. **Column headers:** Should align with the content they contain. If the user is able to sort on a column, the first click on the header will sort the content of the table on the content in that column. Subsequent clicks will toggle the direction of the sort. Table data can only be sorted on 1 column at a time. [Read about sorting by columns](#sorting-by-columns) for more information on the sort component.
```

## Usage
When using tables you need to consider the structure of the data you want to display and organize that information into columns. Columns will typically have column headers. Every row within a table must have a consistent format. If the table row includes actions, they should always be placed in the rightmost column(s).

Table toolbars should only contain actions that directly impact the table. Any actions that are related to the overall page and its context (or impact the general page but not the table directly) should be placed outside of the table, at the top right of the page at the header level. This may include actions that edit the page header, actions that launch related windows, and so on.

> ![UI screen with action button placed outside of the table.](./img/page-action.png)

Reviewer: I would edit this screen to have a blue button in the table toolbar, and then a secondary button styling for the top right page wide actions. Saying this because I can see a situation where people get confused and think primary buttons should be on the top right of the page,  when in reality that's only if there's nothing at the table toolbar level (which is rare)

Author: good point -- lmk what you think about the image I added and if any tweaks would make it more helpful!

Author: No, that totally makes sense! I made some updates -- lmk what you think

Reviewer: Ok this is nitpicky but I would remove the kebab at the header of the table (which tbh idk why that's even part of the symbol since that's not a thing haha) and I would also make the column rows white - cause the reason they're grey was because of the table striping, but since there are only 2 rows, they should either be the same color or one should be white and white grey - so I vote that they should both be white haha otherwise looks good!
